# 2DSurvivalGame
Hello, my name is Jaxon Schauer and here are some scripts of a game I am making. however the scripts contain some interesting code that is definetly worth taking a look at. The folder I suggest looking at is Developer tools. It contains the Toolbox abstract class this is the parent class that contains the functions used throughout the rest of the code.

What the game will be: This is scripts for a 2d survival game I am developing. This 2d survival game will send the player through a journey of strategic boss fights, progressing in difficulty as the player survives longer. The player will collect other characters that can be placed and used in the boss fights. These characters will be somewhat controlled by the player, and somewhat autonomous. This is meant to create a sense of community within the game for the player and add complexity to the boss fights. Bosses will spawn randomly throughout the map and higher level bosses will drop higher damaging items, allowing both the player and the player's characters to become stronger and progress further.

What the game currently is: This game currently has the first level of enemy bots that can shoot the enemy, player motion controlled by a touch screen, bullets that fire when the player is close to the enemy, and most of the components of the first boss.

I plan to finish the development of the boss, add the collectable characters, and add more bosses and enemies for the player to defeat before the game is finished. This is a big project that I am slowly working towards finishing.